Update .github/README.md (#49) (#50)
reproducibleMATLAB/matlab-project-template: .github/README.md

# matlab-project-template

> This is a template repository you can use for your MALAB software project. It pre-populates essentials files and file structure when you use this template to create the repository of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a template repository you can use for your MATLAB software project. It pre-populates essential files and directory structure when you use this template to create the repository for your project.
```

> # Getting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting started
```

> Click **use this template** and then select **Create a new repository** and then fill in essential information for your repository. Then a repository that utilizes this template will be created for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Use this template**, then select **Create a new repository** and then fill in the essential information for your repository. Then a repository that utilises this template will be created for you.
```

More detailed instructions can be found [here]('https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template').

> # After the repository is being created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## After the repository has been created
```

> You will need to make changes to some of the pre-created files in your new repository. See more instructions in the README file in the new repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to make changes to some of the placeholder content in the files in your new repository. See more instructions in the README file in the new repository.
```
